Now so that we have created all the menu items, classes except for water.
So in this part we are going to create a separate class for the water item in the menu and the name
is going to be water dot java.
So on hitting enter, we will land up to this file containing a public class water.
Similarly, as previous classes we are going to declare a boolean class called AIS.
So private boolean.
I.
And after this, we are going to add.
So I could be better.
It sounds like a war.
After this, we are going to create a constructor called Water.
Public class.
The water and this water object is going to contain our argument that string size as the previous classes
that is no more difference.
And the label has been.
Okay.
So this object is created.
And inside this object in the similar way, we will be adding a super method containing the size and
the amount to be displayed in the label.
After this, we will be yes, attaching if statement and this if statement is containing us option pane,
a dialog box will appear and the label will be the.
Like main argument and the message is going to be you.
Likewise.
So this will ask this question to the customer.
Would you like guys?
And a question mark after this is also here in capital and this is going to ask yes.
No.
So, again, option pain asking for 40 years, no option.
So, yes, no option.
And it is going to return null in the beginning setting.
So this if statement is going to set i's to true.
So suppose if this if statement is like true, then the L statement should set the i's to false.
So, as I said, is going to be false.
Okay.
So we are done with adding the spot.
Now our next concern should be adding the price thing.
So double price and if size is small.
So in the price part, we have set a price like if the size equals small, then the price for water
is going to be 1.0.
If the size equals medium, then price is going to be 2.0.
And as if we haven't too small and medium, then definitely the size is going to be too large and the
price for the large water is 3.0.
Now what if ice is added to water?
So the cost associated with ice is the cost of the like.
Respective sizes will be multiplied with 1.25 and the output will be updated with the help of this set
price method.
So suppose if the price is added, then the price is going to be 1.5 for a small class of water.
And suppose if like ice is not added, then the price is going to remain same as one.
So we have completed this water class.
Now one more thing to be added inside.
This is going to be the override method which we have added for the previous thing.
So I am going to copy it from the T class and we'll paste it here in order to save some time.
So what we try is.
Is going to be displayed.
And similarly here, water simply is going to be displayed.
If iced, not sugar in water class.
And we are done with this also.
So all the classes are successfully made attached with every menu item in the radio buttons, water,
juice and coffee.
All are done.
A beverage class is used to set the size, amount and price of all the items respectively.
Now heading back to our Java class, which is the main class, and we will be adding events inside this
in order to make things functional.
So now attaching actions to all the buttons like make all the things functional inside the ordering
form, we are adding a string sizeof which is going to like set the size of the selected item.
We have three options in the size j combo box, small, medium and large and e get source equals.
So if we click button add and if we have selected juice or tea or coffee or water, so things are going
to be added inside the card.
And if this statement is getting executed and if there is a like any kind of exception, then this tri
block is going to be get executed during the execution of this if statement, if a button ad is clicked
and any of these item is not selected, then we have to try like this.
Calling the beverage class.
If juice is selected, then accessing the amount of size of juice.
Similarly, for if water is selected, then we have to access the size and amount of that.
Similarly, for the tea and the coffee thing, now the state glass is going to set X to null and adding
beverage to the card label report is going to add a display that this thing is added.
We have already covered it in the above section I can show.
So yes, we have covered it here only inside this label report.
And this label report is going to display that this specific beverage is added to the pack.
Similarly for the button group we have set enabled to do so.
Initially the order button was disabled.
Here you can see that this thing was responsible for disabling the order button in the beginning and
once any of the action is performed, any of the thing is added to the cart, then the button order
will be enabled and the set number will be set to true.
Now after this, if there is a trigger block, then there should be a catch block in order to catch
the exception.
Now think about that, what the exceptions could be by placing any order.
So the exceptions could be that the amount we have entered is not an integer.
Then this catch block will be responsible for catching that error and showing the exception that to
enter an integer as a mode.
Suppose that in the like this place type how many glasses you want you have entered on any non integer
thing.
So an exception will appear and the text will be displayed that enter an integer as a note.
Similarly, what could be the other exception that would arise that could be choose a beverage type
and enter an amount.
So suppose that you like a place or try to place order without setting the beverage type and size.
So that will ask for a choose a beverage type and entertainment.
So you have to choose a post T and I want five glasses, not try to click this add button before selecting
these two.
This is set to small by default, so you just have to choose from this and this.
Until then we can click this add button.
So this catch exception block is responsible for that only.
So we have covered actions attached to all of them.
Now let us try to check what is left now so that we have covered actions attached to this size, this
radio button and this input text fail.
Now, our next concern should be that what actions should be a list?
Then when the ad and order button is clicked.
So.
On that button, click the try and catch exception blog was mentioned above.
Now suppose if we click the order button, then what should be the output?
So on.
Seeing this, things can be made clear that if you get it, don't get source like the event that is
performed is equal to the beaten order.
This means that supposes we can order like the button or that is being clicked.
Then our report should be like displayed or initially the report and is set to null and zero.
But if things are getting ordered then this for loop is responsible for combining all the items added
in the cart.
Suppose that we have added beverages.
One, two, three, four.
Suppose we have ordered four things in a row so that the things are to be combined at the end and displayed
as a whole sum.
So this is used to like sum the total amount to be paid.
And suppose this is initialized as we know, and the list is going to be extended till the total number
of items to be order.
And the report is going to be displayed the total number of items in the form of a string.
We can see that here.
Suppose we have ordered more than one things.
Then the dialog box will show that 5 million glasses of water, 3 million glasses of three are ordered.
So yes, that is going to be responsible for that.
Also, the pay is going to be the total price of all the beverages we have ordered as a whole.
So this pay is going to add the like total.
So I am going to rent it out and the total amount to be paid.
This statement is responsible for adding the total amount to be paid by the customer.
This total price is initialized as a double data type.
Similarly, we have declared the price, so the price is double.
So the total price is also a double data type after which the report is going to display that total
price of beverage is.
So what is this report here?
This is the report you should pay 12.5, so you should pay.
Our dialog box will appear showing the report that this this is that report you should pay and the amount
to be paid in dollars or any of the currency you would like to add to your application.
It's upon you.
So initially the label report set text is null and the order is disabled in the beginning after the
completion.
So after this report is generated, then everything is going to be set as before as it was in the beginning.
So after this dialog box appearing, everything will be set to null as in the beginning.
So I hope after the completion of this programming section, you all have gained a lot of conceptual
idea about what is being applied inside this project.
Everything we have used, we have extensively used the string NWT libraries in order to embed all like
the items to our frame.
So now let us try running the application and check that whether all the functionalities that we have,
our task is working fine or not.
So this is the application window open.
So suppose we are trying to order something medium, a glass of tea for glasses of tea we are ordering
adding to the cart.
Would you like to add sugar.
So it's clicking.
Yes.
So for medium glasses of tea with sugar added and the report is generated now after this.
On clicking on the order button, our dialog box appears displaying 4 million glasses of tea with sugar
is costing $20 and on hitting okay a dialog box again appears showing that what is the total amount
to be paid by the customer so you should pay $20 and on heating on okay again we will be landing back
to our like previous window which was initially opened.
So again, let us try to order two things in a row.
So adding four, add eyes, then again a glass of coffee, a large glass of coffee, adding it to cart.
And yes, we want to attach milk to the coffee.
One large glass of coffee.
Vitamin K is added now on heating order for glasses for large glasses of water with ice costing $15
and one large glass of coffee with milk, $9.75 is added to the carton, hitting a total of $24.75 is
generated as the total bill for the customer on heating.
Okay, back to our homepage.
So till now, everything is working correctly.
Fine.
The application is running pretty well.
I hope you all have went through the programming section like very concentrated early and gained every
concept we have used inside this application.
Now try running this.
Try making codes on your own and try running the application on your own so that you will learn everything
more accurately.
So yes, we have completed this project and everything is working perfectly fine or at the end.
I want to thank you all for joining this session, but thank you very much.